Documentation (#4)
ejulio/itemloaders: docs/loaders-context.rst

.. _loaders-context:

Item Loader Context

> ===================

Reviewer: This section should mention what data is available in context by default; as I understand, it is `selector` object. That's fine to fix it in this PR, or in another PR; if you want to move it out of this PR, could you please raise a github issue for this?

Author: Changed the wording a bit

> The Item Loader Context is a mechanism that allows to change the input/ouput processors behavior.
It's just a ``dict`` of arbitrary key/values which is shared among all processors.
By default, the context is set to the ``selector`` and any other `keyword arguments`
sent to the Loaders's ``__init__``.
The context can be passed when declaring, instantiating or using Item Loader.

Item Loader Context
===================

The Item Loader Context is a mechanism that allows to change the input/ouput processors behavior.
It's just a ``dict`` of arbitrary key/values which is shared among all processors.

> By default, the context is set to the ``selector`` and any other `keyword arguments`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the context contains to the ``selector`` and any other `keyword arguments`
```
